you
with your eyes as it is being raised and
also remember what the colors the
crescent and the sauce signify it
happens and nationhood as we save our
national anthem with one voice when
unite as one people one nation one
singapore parents
Oh
come over
just that Singapore went through to
achieve independence and disha group mr.
Wang please decadence all the same but
efforts for method I've discussed where
and dimension cape cod for change for
the right so each other had certain
begun august nine nineteen sixty-five we
will attract malaysia other against
others in addition of a convert spa but
our self one people from meadowlands our
foremothers
you